feat(PhotoSharing): Sample App doc for iOS (#3280)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/sample-app/photo-sharing/fragments/ios/getting_started.md

PhotoSharing is a demonstration of building an iOS social networking App with [Amplify Libraries](~/lib/lib.md).

> ## App features
> 
> This is an App that you can perform:
> * Sign In/Sign Up/Sign Out
> * Post photo
> * Update your profile image 
> * Scroll to view a list of your created posts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## App features

This app implements the following features
* Authentication with Cognito's HostedUI to perform user sign up, sign in, and sign out.
* Upload images using Amplify.Storage for storing user profile images and post images.
* Using DataStore to persist user and post models, with offline capabilities.
* Displaying a list of posts to the user and performing pagination to load more.
```

> ### Sign In/Sign Out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Authentication
```

> The App allows you to sign up, sign in using [Amplify.Auth.signInWithWebUI](~/lib/auth/signin_web_ui.md) api.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The app allows you to authenticate a user using `Amplify.Auth.signInWithWebUI` API. [See Sign in with Web UI for more details](~/lib/auth/signin_web_ui.md).
```

**Sign Up Flow:**
![Sign Up](~/images/sample-app/photosharing/sign-up-flow.png)

**Sign In Flow:**
![Sign In](~/images/sample-app/photosharing/sign-in-flow.png)

**Sign Out Flow:**
![Sign Out](~/images/sample-app/photosharing/sign-out-flow.png)

> ### Post Photo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating a new Post
```

> Once you are authenticated, you can create a post with selected image using [Amplify.DataStore.save](~/lib/datastore/data-access.md#create-and-update) and [Amplify.Storage.UploadData](~/lib/storage/upload.md) api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the user has signed in, the app allows the user to create a new post using the plus icon located at the top right corner. Tapping on this will prompt the user to select from the photo library or take an photo with the camera. Once they have selected an image and entered a description for the post, the app will persist the Post using `Amplify.DataStore` and upload the image using `Amplify.Storage`.

> Recommendation: See [DataStore's Getting Started] guide and [Storage's Getting Started] guide for an alternative walk through of their respective categories.
```

![Create Post](~/images/sample-app/photosharing/post-creation-flow.png)

> ### Update Profile Image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Uploading a user profile image
```

> Besides posting image, you can also update your profile image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The app also allows the user to upload a profile image by selecting their default profile image icon, as shown below.
```

![Update Profile](~/images/sample-app/photosharing/profile-update-flow.png)

> ### Posts Loading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Displaying List of Posts
```

> The loading of the posts is related to [Amplify.DataStore.query](~/lib/datastore/data-access.md#query-data) and [Amplify.Storage.downloadData](~/lib/storage/download.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displaying a list of posts is accomplished using `Amplify.DataStore.query` API. See [DataStore's Query Data for more details](https://docs.amplify.aws/lib/datastore/data-access/q/platform/ios#query-data). The post image is retrieved using `AmplifyStorage.DownloadData` API. See [Storage's Download files for more details](https://docs.amplify.aws/lib/storage/download/q/platform/ios)
```

![Load Posts](~/images/sample-app/photosharing/posts-loading.png)

> ## To learn more
> 
> Please go to [amplify-ios-samples](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-ios-samples) Github repository to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get Started

Go to the [amplify-ios-samples](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-ios-samples) Github repository to get started.
```
